What is a File?
    File is something that we use to store information.
    1. txt files are use to store raw text
    2.pdf files are usually used to store books and articles
    3. xlsx files are usually used to store info in the form of a a table
    4. .jpg .jpeg .png files are used to store image
    5. mp4 .mkv .mov are use to store videos

Why we sue files?
    Its easier to move the information around because it just one single file.

Folders/Directories:
    Its like a container for files. It can contain many different files.
    Folders can organize the files

File Handling:
    File is creating/ediing/accessing/deleting the files on a computer with the help of a programming language

absolute filed means complete name/address

Steps to work with file
    1.To locate the file usually we use the absolute(complete) paths for that for ex.
        C:/users/syntax/desktop/batch17/names.txt ---this is a address
        C --- Drive
        user--folder
        names--file
        txt--extension

    2. We need to have access and a piece of software that can edit/open that file.
    3. To bring files from the permanent storage into the RAM.

What is a RAM?
    Random access memory
    temporary storage of memory--short term memory
    fast and expensive
    once we turn off the computer everything that we put in the RAM is gone
    when we want to work on something we need to bring inside the RAM

What is Storage/SSD/HDD/NVME?
    Its permanent storage that we use to store
    cheap but they are slow

in plain words :
 work on daily basis -bring to hard disk(download to your computer),
    work currently - bring to RAM

Why should we learn about FileHandling?
    1. So that we can store the data permanet
    2. We can store the sensitive data like userName password etc inside the files and keep them secure on the computer and dont push
    it with code on github
    3. All the configuration related information like URLS and types of testing will also be store in the files




