PolyMorphism:
    many forms, its the ability of an obj to behave differently. We can achieve polymorphism in 2 ways one is methodOverloading and other
    is methodOverriding(very common).

Why should we learn about poly?
   we can use the same interface with different types of classes/objects
   1. its allows us write dynamic programs. Which can saves us a lot of code repetition.(Animaltester)

   2.
ex.
Webdriver driver = new ChromeDriver();
ChromeDriver chromeDriver=new ChromeDriver();

webdriver in an interface that is implemented with Chrome driver
webdriver: is a interface, Webdriver is parent to chrome, edge, firefox
driver:  variable can hold object of  differeny broweser
we will see only the methods of ChromeDriver only

Interview Questions:
    Do we need MethodOverriding for polymophism?
        Yes but we can also do this using methodOverloading.

Abstraction:
    is the process of hiding implementation details
    and showing only the functionality.
   are incomplete classes, method with no body.
   The code is implemented in the children classes, no body, no parameters.
   We can achieve abstraction using abstract classes
   and interfaces.
Why:
   make it easier to the end user
   When we use Abstraction it simplifies out code. Those classes which
   dont need to provide the implementation to the methods can leave it.

Keywords:
    Abstract.

    yuo cant put abtract


Interview Questions:
    Can we have private methods as abstract methods?
        Private means no pariticipation in inheritance which means no overriding
        which will make abstract method useless.

    Can we have a method as final and abstract at the same time?
        No. Final means something is complete and does not require no change
        abstract mean something is incomplete and requires modification
        These are opposite to each other and not allowed.

Interfaces:
    are collection of public static final variables and methods which are by default public
    and abstract. After Java 8 we can have default static and private method as well.
Why use interfaces?
    1) There is no Diamond problem in interfaces which allow us to have multiple
    inheritance.
    2) They are light weight simple contracts and can be used even the classes are
    not related to each other.
Interview Questions:
    1)Can we have private methods as abstract methods?
        Private means no participation in inheritance which
        means no overriding which will make abstract method useless.
    2) Can we have a method as final and abstract at the same time?
        Final means something is complete and does not require any modification
        and abstract means something is incomplete and requires modification.
        These are opposite to each other and not allowed.




